<C h a s e> For your security, we have temporarily restricted your online access and debit card. Visit https://c7ha39.com/ to secure your account
<#>B0A- We have rejected a request authorizing a one-time electronic bill payment of $256.65. For more info visit https://securbofaasafe.cfd/r/ui8zB1R
HUGE SAVINGS!!! Life insurance, Final Expense, and Mortgage Protection! Plans start as low as $29.99 a month! If you have current insurance you may qualify for a lower payment with more coverage! Protecting your family financial future is KEY! Please text back Quote and a live agent will assist you with a free quote. Reply STOP to stop Thanks, Michael Bryant
Wanna be an entrepreneur? Tired of yout 9-5? Join Hustler's University. You can make 6 figures in just 1 year. NOT A SCAM. If interested, CLICK THE LINK IN MY BIO. Let's hustle
Visa Processing Alerts! Your BOA EDD Prepaid Debit card has been blocked and placed on hold due to a recent transfer transaction that occurred on your account to unsuspend please visit californiaeddservice.org or step into a near by bank branch with 2 forms of ID Thank you.
Jaylen.. Remember me? Its Rylee! We made out Rylee's shindig & exchanged phone #s. Im back here for a min if ya wanted 2 actually hang out if your free, are ya open to that?
[US-PS] We cannot deliver your package due to wrong street information. Check and fill in the address and we will re-deliver: https://us-pskbp.info/
Y.our paymen.t for last mo.nth was received. T.hanks. here is ou.r tiny gift for u: w3NGz.cOM/GDl2httWnF
The Chancellor's Doctoral Incentive Program (CDIP) prepares current and prospective doctoral students for CSU faculty positions. CDIP provides financial support, mentorship by CSU faculty, and professional development and grant resources and is a great opportunity for those who aim to teach within the CSU system as full-time instructional faculty. Student loans are available to CDIP Scholars to support them during their doctoral program. After participants receive their doctoral degrees and if they obtain a qualifying instructional position in the CSU, a portion of their loan from this program will be forgiven every year of qualifying employment. Applicants must be a full-time doctoral student enrolled in an accredited program in the U.S. OR applying to an accredited doctoral program in the U.S. CDIP applicants must have a strong desire to teach within the CSU and have a CSU tenure-track/tenure faculty member willing to serve as their Faculty Mentor. The application cycle for the 2023-2024 academic year is currently open with a campus deadline of February 10, 2023. Review our website and email CSUFs Campus Coordinator, Julie Steers, to get started!
Good day! Thank you for expressing interest in joining the Engineering Social Justice Competition. We will be holding an information session on Nov. 15 (Tues) and Nov. 16 (Wed) at 12:00 noon to share more information about the competition and answer questions you might have. We'll have pizza for everyone who attends The presentation on both days will be the same, but was designed so to accommodate your schedules. Hope to see you there! Best regards, Engineering Social Justice Competition Organizing Committee
Attention ECS Students! Amazon Software Development Collaborative Fellowship (Juniors Preferred) Ten students will be selected for the Amazon Collaborative and receive a $2,500 fellowship in Spring 2023 (juniors are preferred). Applications are accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled. Please apply here - https://forms.gle/Hmd1BzWcUNpWmWdu8 As a member of the Amazon Collaborative, students will gain the following benefits: Training in Human-Centered Design and UX Design and various coding platforms Gain real-world experience and a competitive advantage in the workforce Network with Amazon software developers If you have questions about the fellowship, please contact Dr. Paul Salvador Inventado (pinventado@fullerton.edu) and Dr. Jin Woo Lee (jinlee@fullerton.edu).
CSUF's International Education Week (IEW) is an opportunity for all students, faculty, staff and alumni to engage as Global Titans. Cultivate curiosity, appreciation and respect for all cultures and backgrounds through a series of enriching activities and experiences. Engage with diverse individuals and hear about different ideas and opportunities to thrive in a global environment. We will celebrate and highlight the breadth of ongoing global engagement and international programming across CSUF. It takes a Global Titan to keep learning, keep making connections, keep dreaming, and keep striving for a better world.  To learn more, visit the link below!
FREE Latin Bistro Dinner & CSUF Prizes. TONIGHT! 6pm. Intramural Field. Vets v. Cadets Football Game. Families welcome! Plz Join us. Thanks!
Please join the Mental Health & Wellness workshop with CSUF CAPS at 6pm. Thx! https://fullerton.zoom.us/j/82242935374
